[all] (Performance) Move host-specific API perf tips up from the Excel article (#2051)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/performance.md

---
title: Excel JavaScript API performance optimization

> description: 'Optimize Excel add-in performance using Excel JavaScript API'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Optimize Excel add-in performance using the JavaScript API.'
```

ms.date: 07/29/2020
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Performance optimization using the Excel JavaScript API

There are multiple ways that you can perform common tasks with the Excel JavaScript API. You'll find significant performance differences between various approaches. This article provides guidance and code samples to show you how to perform common tasks efficiently using Excel JavaScript API.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Many performance issues can be addressed through recommended usage of `load` and `sync` calls. See [Resource limits and performance optimization for Office Add-ins - Performance improvements with the host-specific APIs](../concepts/resource-limits-and-performance-optimization.md#performance-improvements-with-the-host-specific-apis) for advice on working with the host-specific APIs in an efficient way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Many performance issues can be addressed through recommended usage of `load` and `sync` calls. See the "Performance improvements with the host-specific APIs" section of [Resource limits and performance optimization for Office Add-ins](../concepts/resource-limits-and-performance-optimization.md#performance-improvements-with-the-host-specific-apis) for advice on working with the host-specific APIs in an efficient way.
```
